Functions to detect when the sun is up (#40)
pvlib/pvanalytics: docs/api.rst

   features.clearsky.reno

Time
----

The following functions can be used to differentiate night-time and
day-time based on power or irradiance data. This is useful if you do

> not know the time-zone of the index for your data of for verifying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not know the timezone of the index for your data or for verifying
```

> that the time-zone is correct. Both functions identify the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the timezone is correct. Both functions identify the same
```

feature, but in slightly different ways.
:py:func:`features.daylight.frequency` is useful if your data has
substantial outliers or other excessively large values; however, it

> may fail if substantial portions of the night time data is greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may fail if substantial portions of the night-time data is greater
```
